Dad, life on this yellow brain is indeed uncertain,
It should be a little tight.
The yellow brain given to you is the most special,
Thirteen are all black, fourteen are all yellow,
Represents a lifetime.
Dad, you are the best person in the world.
Well, don't mention these names, we also suffer from having no fatherliness,
The house is also in disarray.
I just joined the team today, so I can't be allowed to go first.
Daddy, yes, you should work more,
Enter the landlord's intention.
Okay, let's take a rest after doing this.
Tonight he drinks hand clothes
It's just you who's wrong
Zhu Liang made phone calls today
you should give him shoes